data/nlu.md, before:

## intent:dice
- roll a die
- roll dice

## intent:music
- songs by [linkin park](song)
- play some [linkin park](song) songs

## intent:xkcd
- xkcd
- show me a xkcd comic

## intent:hello
- hey
- hello
- hi

## intent:time
- time
- what's the time now
- time please

## intent:travel
- [vietnam](destination) travel options
- I want to travel to [indonesia](destination)
- how can I travel to [spain](destination)

## intent:quote
- quote
- random quote
- show me a quote

## intent:thanks
- thanks
- thank you
- thanks a lot

## intent:coin
- coin
- flip a coin
- flip again

## intent:fact
- fact
- random fact
- tell me a fact

## intent:bye
- bye
- see you again
- bye bye
- see you
- peace out
- peace
- goodbye

## intent:movie
- [batman](movie) movie

## intent:translate
- translate [hello](text)
- translate [bye](text)

## intent:news
- latest news
- news
- show me latest news

## intent:joke
- joke
- random joke
- tell me a joke
- one more joke

## intent:dictionary
- define [space](word)
- define [cloud](word) word
- definition of [server](word)
- [cloud](word) definition
- meaning of [memory](word)
- show [sky](word) meaning
- what does [server](word) mean?
- what is meant by [rocket](word)?
- what is meant by [happiness](word)?

## intent:wiki
- [cloud](wiki) wiki
- who is [starlord](wiki)
- wikipedia [markdown](wiki)
- find [server](wiki) in wikipedia

## intent:meme
- show me a meme
- show memes
- one more meme
- latest memes

## intent:help
- help
- help me
- please help me
- guide me

## intent:anime
- [detective conan](anime) anime
- [death note](anime) anime
- [dragon ball z](anime) anime
- anime rating of [one punch man](anime)
- [overlord](anime) anime review
- [goblin slayer](anime) anime review

Commit message:

Add new intent: currency (#64)
Close #60

* currency intent added

* update according to tests

* remove bad commits

Co-authored-by: Swapnil Agarwal <2833845+swapagarwal@users.noreply.github.com>

data/nlu.md, after:

## intent:dice
- roll a die
- roll dice

## intent:music
- songs by [linkin park](song)
- play some [linkin park](song) songs

## intent:xkcd
- xkcd
- show me a xkcd comic

## intent:hello
- hey
- hello
- hi

## intent:time
- time
- what's the time now
- time please

## intent:travel
- [vietnam](destination) travel options
- I want to travel to [indonesia](destination)
- how can I travel to [spain](destination)

## intent:quote
- quote
- random quote
- show me a quote

## intent:thanks
- thanks
- thank you
- thanks a lot

## intent:coin
- coin
- flip a coin
- flip again

## intent:fact
- fact
- random fact
- tell me a fact

## intent:bye
- bye
- see you again
- bye bye
- see you
- peace out
- peace
- goodbye

## intent:movie
- [batman](movie) movie

## intent:translate
- translate [hello](text)
- translate [bye](text)

## intent:news
- latest news
- news
- show me latest news

## intent:joke
- joke
- random joke
- tell me a joke
- one more joke

## intent:currency
- [100](amount) [USD](from_currency) to [INR](to_currency)
- [50](amount) [EUR](from_currency) to [USD](to_currency)
- [80](amount) [INR](from_currency) to [BGN](to_currency)
- [20](amount) [SGD](from_currency) to [CAD](to_currency)
- [10](amount) [SEK](from_currency) to [AUD](to_currency)
- [60](amount) [QAR](from_currency) to [JAR](to_currency)

## intent:dictionary
- define [space](word)
- define [cloud](word) word
- definition of [server](word)
- [cloud](word) definition
- meaning of [memory](word)
- show [sky](word) meaning
- what does [server](word) mean?
- what is meant by [rocket](word)?
- what is meant by [happiness](word)?

## intent:wiki
- [cloud](wiki) wiki
- who is [starlord](wiki)
- wikipedia [markdown](wiki)
- find [server](wiki) in wikipedia

## intent:meme
- show me a meme
- show memes
- one more meme
- latest memes

## intent:help
- help
- help me
- please help me
- guide me

## intent:anime
- [detective conan](anime) anime
- [death note](anime) anime
- [dragon ball z](anime) anime
- anime rating of [one punch man](anime)
- [overlord](anime) anime review
- [goblin slayer](anime) anime review
